<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SearchTranslations">
    <title>Search Translations</title>
    <body>
        <p>End Point: <codeph>[TMEngine URL]/create</codeph></p>
        <p>Default: <codeph conref="../ServerAPI.dita#ServerAPI/defaultUrl"
            /><codeph>search</codeph></p>
        <p>Send a '<codeph>POST</codeph>' request to the method end point with these parameters in a
            JSON body:</p>
        <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1* 4*">
            <sthead>
                <stentry>Field</stentry>
                <stentry>Required</stentry>
                <stentry>Content</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>id</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>yes</stentry>
                <stentry>
                    <p>ID of the memory where the search should be performed. </p>
                </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>text</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>Yes</stentry>
                <stentry>Text string to search.</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>srcLang</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>Yes</stentry>
                <stentry>Source language code.</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>tgtLang</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>Yes</stentry>
                <stentry>Target language code.</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>similarity</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>Yes</stentry>
                <stentry>Integer value indicating the lowest similarity percentage to include in
                    results.</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry><apiname>caseSensitive</apiname></stentry>
                <stentry>Yes</stentry>
                <stentry>Boolean value indicating whether the search should be case sensitive or
                    not.</stentry>
            </strow>
        </simpletable>
        <p>Example:</p>
        <codeblock>{
  "id": "1572538708492",
  "text": "tax compliance",
  "srcLang": "en-GB",
  "tgtLang": "fr-FR",
  "similarity": 70,
  "caseSensitive": false
}</codeblock>
        <p>The server responds with a JSON object containing two fields.</p>
        <p>On success, field '<codeph>status</codeph>' is set to '<codeph>OK</codeph>' and field
                '<codeph>process</codeph>' contains the ID of the background import process that was
            initiated.</p>

        <codeblock translate="no">{
  "process": "1572531573026",
  "status": "OK"
}</codeblock>

        <p>On error, field '<codeph>status</codeph>' is set to '<codeph>failed</codeph>' and field
                '<codeph>reason</codeph>' contains the error cause.</p>
        <codeblock translate="no">{
  "status": "failed",            
  "reason": "Unknown memory type"        
}</codeblock>
        <p>After starting the import process, monitor its status using the <xref
                href="ProcessStatus.dita"/> method. </p>
        <p>On successful completion, the result will contain an array of similar segments in the
                <codeph>data</codeph> field.</p>
        <p>Example:</p>

        <codeblock translate="no">{
  "result": "Completed",
  "data": {
    "matches": [
      {
        "similarity": 71,
        "origin": "1572538708492",
        "source": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="en-GB">&lt;seg>Non-compliance&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "target": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="fr-FR">&lt;seg>Violation&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "properties": {
          "creationdate": "20070126T082848Z",
          "subject": "Taxes",
          "x-Origin": "TM",
          "project": "Main TM",
          "changedate": "20070126T082848Z",
          "tuid": "1546700322331",
          "creationid": "MC",
          "changeid": "MC",
          "lastusagedate": "20070126T082848Z",
          "customer": "ACME Auditors"
        }
      }, 
      {
        "similarity": 73,
        "origin": "1572538708492",
        "source": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="en-GB">&lt;seg>Legal Compliance&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "target": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="fr-FR">&lt;seg>Conformité légale&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "properties": {
          "creationdate": "20160725T141611Z",
          "x-ConfirmationLevel": "ApprovedTranslation",
          "subject": "Taxes",
          "x-Origin": "TM",
          "project": "Main TM",
          "changedate": "20160727T093143Z",
          "tuid": "1546700366038",
          "creationid": "Aqcis9\Aqcis",
          "changeid": "FG",
          "lastusagedate": "20160727T093143Z",
          "customer": "ACME Auditors"
        }
      }, 
      {
        "similarity": 100,
        "origin": "fluenta",
        "source": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="en-GB">&lt;seg>tax compliance&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "target": "&lt;tuv xml:lang="fr-FR">&lt;seg>Conformité fiscale&lt;/seg>&lt;/tuv>",
        "properties": {
          "creationdate": "20171004T111450Z",
          "subject": "Taxes",
          "project": "Main TM",
          "changedate": "20171004T111450Z",
          "tuid": "1546700370945",
          "changeid": "translator2",
          "usagecount": "1",
          "x-ConfirmationLevel": "Translated",
          "x-Origin": "TM",
          "creationid": "translator2",
          "lastusagedate": "20171006T103930Z",
          "customer": "ACME Auditors"
        }
      }
    ],
  },
  "status": "OK"
}</codeblock>
    </body>
</topic>
